[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/message-editor-pipeline-sample.md

# Message Editor Pipeline Sample
This sample demonstrates how to modify the contents of an incoming message by adding a custom component to the receive pipeline.

>  This sample is available from the Microsoft [!INCLUDE[btaBTARNNoVersion](../../includes/btabtarnnoversion-md.md)] Web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This sample is available from the Microsoft website, [!INCLUDE[btaBTARNNoVersion](../../includes/btabtarnnoversion-md.md)].
```
